Fix typos (#159)
natolambert/rlhf-book: chapters/16-evaluation.md

With the rise of reasoning models at the end of 2024 and the beginning of 2025, a major change in model behavior was the addition of a long Chain-of-Thought (CoT) reasoning process before every answer.
These models no longer needed to be prompted with the canonical modification of "think step by step," as proposed in [@kojima2022large].

> For example, for every prompt there are specially designed prompts to help extract behavior from the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for every question or category there are specially designed prompts to help extract behavior from the model.
```
